NASSCOM’s NATIONAL SKILLS REGISTRY (NSR)  

“A security best practice initiative by industry” 

Dear Ayushi Rastogi (Your ITPIN: 871165435151 ), 

Greetings from National Skills Registry (NSR) – industry initiative of National Association of Software & Service Companies (NASSCOM). You are a member of NSR since 26-Jul-18 and you have accessed your profile last time on 27-Jul-18.

Wishing you safety and good health in light of the current coronavirus pandemic.

We are pleased to bring you updates from NSR. Participation in NSR continues to grow and leading 255 companies of the IT-BPM industry are part of this initiative. More than 1.88 Million Knowledge Professionals are registered on NSR and are connected with the industry through NSR.

Kindly login and keep your NSR profile details updated. We encourage you to actively operate your NSR profile and get your details verified so that the same can be viewed and relied on by NSR member companies.

Please find attached the latest Newsletter for April 2020. It contains recent events on NSR and instructions on how to operate your profile and keep it updated. 

The following details will help you to access your profile and keep it updated. 

Your NSR Registration Number (ITPIN): 871165435151 

Your NSR Log-in Password: Use Password registered by you during NSR registration. In case you have forgotten your login-in password, please Click here  to retrieve / reset. 

Click here to access your profile

We are proud to announce that NSDL Payments Bank has been launched recently. You can download NSDL Jiffy App from Google Play store and open your savings bank account using this App in a completely digital manner. Enjoy banking anytime, anywhere from your smart phone with NSDL Jiffy App. Kindly go through the attached newsletter to know more.

 Your suggestions and queries are always welcome. Please feel free to write to us on how we can improve the NSR experience for you in terms of additional features required, convenience etc. at nsr@nsdl.co.in   

Regards, 

NSR Team

Visit us at https://nationalskillsregistry.com

NSR Help-desk: nsr@nsdl.co.in | Call us at: 022 – 4914 2575 / 2576 / 2577
